alright well when I was back in the
States oh just two days left after
that's from Oracle when I was back in
the states this last time a friend of
mine was telling me about the ghosts in
his house and I SAT there and I listened
to the stories which which were
compelling and I remembered when I used
to tell stories about my sighting the
Bigfoot it was an experience that I had
it was a youth probably 13 or 14 14
public Angeles National Forest and
something passed by my tent in the
middle of the night when I was camping
wilderness camping with a friend he had
another tent next to mine and I saw the
figure pass in the moonlight they're
solid by the moon behind and my mind and
can conspired to take a figure passing
in front which was shapeless and really
formless and I convinced myself and even
now it's hard for me not even hard for
me to convince myself away from it I
convinced myself that it was Bigfoot and
in the morning I had a conversation with
my friend and now in hindsight I can see
how we quickly the two of us we wanted
to see Bigfoot and with the two of us we
made our stories match up and tell the
story that we saw a Bigfoot and we
actually went back and told people we
saw Bigfoot and brought in medium
Bigfoot society we took some hiking
representative with a gun came out which
come out hiking up in hills and showed
them the spot he confirmed that it was
indeed a Bigfoot sighting out how he
confirmed it something about the way the
sticks were broken or something and I
told that story for a two decades I told
that story regularly even though I my
credulity had had sharpened had had
decreased actually the opposite as I
became a skeptic I hold on to my Bigfoot
story for a long time and it wasn't
until I was well into manhood then I
finally grid up the manly courage to to
to recognize that I was wrong not just
wrong a liar and now I don't tell that I
tell the story the opposite i use
a cautionary tale from myself and others
and yeah I lied I made up a story and I
told it for a long time and I probably
somewhere in in the Bigfoot archives you
know Southern California there's no
there's a story of two boys in the
mountains that saw a Bigfoot we didn't
see pig but there's something passed in
front of it we wanted to be Bigfoot so
anyway as my friend was my biz telling
me about his haunted house whenever
people tell me about this kind of stuff
I always remember my own experience with
that how taking something with a little
bit of stuff and I a little bit of
something strange and exploding it into
something bigger now that doesn't just
that doesn't mean I automatically
discredit everything that people say
along those lines but I do take
anecdotal evidence as just that
anecdotal without any crook corroborated
or backing or in or anything to back it
up necessarily so I'm very very hesitant
and cautious with it and who for the
sake of not I you know I we were just
having pleasant company so I didn't talk
about it much which is when I moved on
and he told me his ghost story and and I
was thinking later about it about how
why an example came into mind about why
I would be so hesitant to believe that
kind of stuff and here's here's a look
it just kind of come kind of thought
about imagine a flying suit and there
are two people that are going to tell
you about their flying suit okay the
first one and this has relates to
evidence ok and entrust ability and the
first person says I watched a bird
flying along and I i watch the observed
flapping of the wings and I saw said
this is this is the experience like
seeing a ghost or something that and I
saw this happen and I've come up with an
idea about how to make a suit that flies
I just kind of roughed it out and here
it is this is my conclusion based on
that oh and by the way my my my my my
brother's cousin wait a minute that
would mad cuz into my cousin watched a
bird to and in and and saw and came up
with the same idea so we have this suit
but it doesn't work you can't just fly
off the ground you have actually have to
you have to get a running start and jump
off a building they put it on a drop off
a building maybe but you'll fly because
I observe something and I'm pretty sure
about
do both what did what it means to the
world about you know observing this
observing how a bird flies versus
another person who comes up to me and
says I have a flying suit to second
person and says now I have my flying
suit I watched a bird flying and I
observed the flapping of the wings and
then got some ideas and I went ahead and
created a model and tested it out the
first couple didn't work too well yeah
there were some there were some problems
with it but I refined it and approved it
seems to be working a little bit better
and then I went over to my to a friend
that knows something about mechanical
things and aerodynamics a little bit and
I asked them to replicate what I get and
and they did and we actually found some
more problems with between the two of us
are two experiments it worked it on the
way took it to a third friend and they
tested the ri di hay and it looks like
up between the three of us it was pretty
good we've got some things we're trying
to find the fault but it seems to be
none of us have tested it yet but which
seems to be that we've got we've got the
idea down from what we observed and then
tested and then and then measured and
created something now the thought that
was in my mind was which of those two
suits you standing at the top of the
building and you've got the guy we've
got the guy that has the the anecdotal
inspiration through observing Birds and
coming up with a quick quick conclusion
about how birds fly and has a suit to
suit to prove it versus somebody who has
they watched the same bit of evidence
and a tried to watch the same phenomenon
and then tried to develop a test and
something to to to refine the
observation into sound conclusion and
then has developed a flapping of you
know flying suit which of those two
suits would you be willing to strap on
and jump off the building on now I
wouldn't do either but of the two I
clearly we I wouldn't want to put on the
guy that just had the idea and and flew
into conclusion from there and that is
kind of what people who base including
myself people who base
uh their conclusions on little bits of
experience are essentially are
essentially doing when I when I made my
conclusion that Bigfoot was existed in
the Angeles National Forest because I
had seen something cross in front of the
shadow and and the only other the only
other you know reinforcing evidence was
a friend of mine who was can probably a
bit controlled by my own enthusiasm to
see Bigfoot into concluding the same um
this the world is full of that kind of
stuff and it probably i'm going to try
to train myself at 50 I've got much time
left but I mean I'm going to but I'm
going to try to train myself to be more
careful about the the conclusions that I
make or the conclusions that I agree to
that others have made and bayaud
considering the how they got there now
there's somebody walking right behind me
a shadows behind me is the route person
is it not that's a little little
evidentiary proof odd is a rip person
the proof is the proof is in observation
and test and and replication and and
this determination hey lo and behold a
scientific method ok time to sign off
take care bye bye